Codepen completed assignment: https://codepen.io/davjoh/pen/ExVopxN

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML gives meaning to the content on the webpage. For example, a <p> tag denotes a paragraph.
    
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create pages displayed on the internet.
    
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Modifiers for HTML tags that provide additional information.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 tag is used for displaying the title or main post of the page. You only want to use an h1 tag once on a page.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?
        "img" and "a" have required attributes.
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        Information that is not displayed to the user, such as scripts, styles, character sets and page title.
    
    7. What is an id? 
        Uniquie id that idemtifies one element.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        "id" can be used on any HTMLL element except for param, html, style, meta, head, title, base, and script
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        There is technically no limit.
    
    10. What is a class? 
        Uniquie id that can idemtify one to multiple elements. 
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All HTML elements.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        There is no limit.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add target="_blank" inside your anchor tag.
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        If the image can't be displayed it gives alternative information that tells you what the image is.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
        .idName
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section denoates a section and a div denoates a division in a document. Also, a section is semantic and a div is not.
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
        Styling the webpage 
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        Reference h2 in CSS.
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class is used if your wanting to use the same styling multiple times for different elements. "id" is used when you want style one partiular element.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        Reference class name in CSS with a period before the name. Example: .classname.
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        Reference ".human" in CSS.
    
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selects the direct child of the element and it's useful when you need more specificity 
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a:link
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selctor that lets you style a specific part of the element.
    
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Light height changes the spacing between lines.
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Letter-spacing.
    
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Text Transform, Uppercase.
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        Add styling in CSS, such as 1px dotted black.
    
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Command + A for Mac Users.
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        Start the comment with /* and end with */.
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        Type "pwd" in terminal.
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        Type "ls".
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        Rm -rf filename, This command can potentially erase your whole system.
    
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control should be used to record and keep track of changes to your code. Also, allows you to revert back to versisons of your code.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        As often as possible and/or after ever change or addition.
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        Git push or Git push origin
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        Fork project, add contributer, clone locally, git add/commit/push, pull request w/reviewer, merge 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        A block element such as a <p> tag takes up the full width available on the page. A inline element only takes up as much space as needed.
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It is removed from the noraml flow of the docuemnt and positioned in relation to its ancestory.
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Change display to inline-block.
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Block elements: div, h1, p
        Inline elements: span, a 
        Inline-block elements: button
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
        The box model is boxes inside of boxes that consists of from outsie to inside:
        Margin, Border, Padding, Content . The "fix" for the box model is
    